Initial Release Packaging (#22)
amplience/dc-integration-stylitics: README.md

# @amplience/dc-integration-stylitics

![Stylitics Widgets)](./docs/media/stylitics-main.png)

A library for managing Stylitics Widgets within modern web frameworks, configuring them with content items from Amplience, as well as a collection of Content Types and Schemas you can install to make integrating Stylitics with Amplience considerably easier.

## ⚙️ Features
- Convert Content Item into Stylitics arguments
- Automatically create Stylitics Widget
- Import Schemas, Content Types, samples Content Items in a Dynamic Content hub
- Use provided Templates for Content Rendering Service visualisation and cards

## 🏁 Quickstart

> Setting up the Stylitics integration library is a simple import or include of the integration.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the Stylitics integration library requires a simple import from NPM or linking a prebuilt js file.
```

Seems weird having this before the import methods are described.

Once imported, the following two methods can be used:

- `fromContentItem`: Convert from a content item containing Stylitics widget configuration into arguments you can provide to create the widget.
- `createWidget`: Create a Stylitics widget with a given set of arguments, including view type and account. Automatically loads necessary scripts for the view type asynchronously, and keeps them loaded for future requests.

These can be used regardless of implementation type (NodeJS project, Simple HTML/JS/CSS project or even using the Amplience Content Rendering Service)

> The examples below show how your would use in each implementation type. We would recommend using the [Amplience DC Delivery SDK](https://github.com/amplience/dc-delivery-sdk-js) to fetch your content

Author: #
```suggestion
The examples below show how you would use in each implementation type. We would recommend using the [Amplience DC Delivery SDK](https://github.com/amplience/dc-delivery-sdk-js) to fetch your content
```
